Meeting Minutes for bits_please, February 12th, 2018

Meeting date and time

Meeting time: Monday at 2:00 PM, Feb 12, 2018

Meeting attendance. Any team member who are missing must be marked as either "unexcused absence" or "excused absence" along with a valid reason for the absence with notification to the team more than 24 hours prior to the meeting
ALL PRESENT
- Joe Reimer- Present
:  - Kartikeya Shukla- Present
:  - Ryan Kittleson- Present
- Vighnesh Iyer- Present
  - Brian Doyle- Present

Brief summary of the meeting discussion

Must DM Jesse to be able to show which Gitter we are using.

Prototype due February 23rd at 4 PM

List explicitly and in detail what each individual team member accomplished since the last meeting
This is the 1st meeting.

In general, have created the Gitter we will be using, the repository, etc. satisfied tasks from the requirements that needed to be completed by the end of Week 2. Our protocol dispute sheet is prepared to be signed and turned in.


List explicitly and in detail what each individual team member will accomplish before the next meeting. All team members must have at least 1 task listed here and each task must have a GitHub issue associated with it in the project repository
Kartikeya Shukla--Creating the login & about me page.

Joe Reimer--One of the workers for the main dashboard page.

Vighnesh Iyer - working on the dashboard page with Joe

Brian Doyle--Setting up database/workspace for project

Ryan Kittleson - working on the login & about me page with Kartikeya Shukla
